Update redirected URLs (part 44) (#15973)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/numberformat/numberformat/index.md

      - : The minimum number of fraction digits to use. Possible values are from 0
        to 20; the default for plain number and percent formatting is 0; the
        default for currency formatting is the number of minor unit digits

>         provided by the [ISO 4217 currency code list](https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/financial-information/data-standards.html)

Author: ```suggestion
        provided by the [ISO 4217 currency code list](https://www.six-group.com/dam/download/financial-information/data-center/iso-currrency/lists/list_one.xml)
```

        (2 if the list doesn't provide that information).
    - `maximumFractionDigits`
      - : The maximum number of fraction digits to use. Possible values are from 0
        to 20; the default for plain number formatting is the larger of
        `minimumFractionDigits` and 3; the default for currency
        formatting is the larger of `minimumFractionDigits` and the

>         number of minor unit digits provided by the [ISO 4217 currency code list](https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/financial-information/data-standards.html)

Author: ```suggestion
        number of minor unit digits provided by the [ISO 4217 currency code list](https://www.six-group.com/dam/download/financial-information/data-center/iso-currrency/lists/list_one.xml)
```
